What do you want me to do?
Take good care of you. Let me come for three years.
No, brother.
Brother. Brother. Brother. Brother.
Brother. Brother. Brother. Brother. Brother.
Brother.
Brother. Brother.
Brother. Brother. Brother. Brother.
Brother. Brother. Brother. Brother. Brother.
Brother. Brother. Brother. Brother. Brother
Mom, I like them all
I know my parents are Lei Gongzhu
Then dad has a question for you
I'm a little bit separated from my parents.
Where are my little mother and I?
Still very daddy
My mom, my mom, are you serious?
But you have to accept it
Really? Yes
Tomorrow our day
Dungeon in front of mom
But mom and dad won’t be separated, okay?